Docs: Mention wilcard support in resteasy reactive XML serialisation exclude classes configuration (#35302)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/resteasy-reactive.adoc

[NOTE]
====

> The property `quarkus.jaxb.exclude-classes` accepts a comma separated list of fully qualified class names or a package name ending with `.*` as wildcard which will respect all classes in that package and subpackages, for example: `quarkus.jaxb.exclude-classes=org.acme.one.Model,org.acme.two.Model,org.acme.somemodel.*`. 

Reviewer: I would go with the following, does it work for you?
```suggestion
The property `quarkus.jaxb.exclude-classes` accepts a comma separated list of either fully qualified class names
or package names. Package names must be suffixed by `.*` and all classes in the specified package and its subpackages will be excluded.

For instance, when setting `quarkus.jaxb.exclude-classes=org.acme.one.Model,org.acme.two.Model,org.acme.somemodel.*`, the following elements are excluded:

- The class `org.acme.one.Model`
- The class `org.acme.two.Model`
- All the classes in the `org.acme.somemodel` package and its subpackages
```

Reviewer 2: +100

Author: Okay, thats detailed.

Reviewer: Yeah, I wanted to be extra clear as the `.*` thing is not exactly obvious. It doesn't really work as a wildcard typically (or it would work for classes too), which is what you would expect.
